Kong README.md Content Refresh (#7179)
Kong/kong: DEVELOPER.md

$ cd kong/

# you might want to switch to the development branch. See CONTRIBUTING.md
$ git checkout master

# install the Lua sources
$ luarocks make
```

#### Running for development

Check out the [development section](https://github.com/Kong/kong/blob/master/kong.conf.default#L244)
of the default configuration file for properties to tweak in order to ease
the development process for Kong.

Modifying the [`lua_package_path`](https://github.com/openresty/lua-nginx-module#lua_package_path)
and [`lua_package_cpath`](https://github.com/openresty/lua-nginx-module#lua_package_cpath)
directives will allow Kong to find your custom plugin's source code wherever it
might be in your system.

#### Tests

Install the development dependencies ([busted], [luacheck]) with:

```shell
$ make dev
```

Kong relies on three test suites using the [busted] testing library:

* Unit tests
* Integration tests, which require Postgres and Cassandra to be up and running
* Plugins tests, which require Postgres to be running

The first can simply be run after installing busted and running:

```
$ make test
```

However, the integration and plugins tests will spawn a Kong instance and

> perform their tests against it. As so, consult/edit the `spec/kong_tests.conf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
perform their tests against it. Because these test suites perform their tests against the Kong instance, you may need to edit the `spec/kong_tests.conf`
```
